Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to log in.
Sellers Okay, now to do this, we have to head up to the seller login screen and what we can do, we
can use control and B to make this slide.
Okay.
Now the first step is to add validation to this two fields, that is the email field and the password
field.
Okay.
And as you know, the test field has a property known as validator and it is a callback.
So over this parentheses, we're going to pass in something known as value, which is basically referring
to the inputs of the user.
And now we can have some check.
So we are going to create an if statement and we can then say if value.
That is, if the dot is empty, we need an of fire and I'm going to get rid of this if it is empty.
We then want to return a test which is going to say please email address.
Must not be empty and empty, or else if it is filled in, we then want to basically do nothing.
Return.
No.
Okay.
Great.
And we have to do this for the password field.
Right.
And as you know, within the telephone field, it has a property known as validator and value, which
is referring to the input of the user.
And now we can have an E statement to say Value dot is empty.
Sorry.
Look here.
Valley dirt is empty.
We need another check via.
Vedat is empty and.
We want to return excess, which is going to say please feels.
Fitz must not be.
Empty.
So password.
Password must not be empty.
Else.
We then want to return north.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And in order to make this validator work, we have to create a form key.
To do that, we're going to do this at the top over here.
We can go ahead and specify finer and specify the type of variable.
And it is also a type of form states.
And we can call this variable on the score from form key.
And it's going to be equal to global.
Blue Bar key.
Global.
Not global, but global key and farm state.
Okay.
And now we have to bind this variable to our form.
To do that, we have to wrap this entire column.
That is the column, the appearance column with a form.
And the reason we are wrapping it with the form is so we have access to the key and that's we use this
form key.
Okay.
Is concerned and grapples with debt and this is going to be formed.
And as you know, the firm has a property known as key.
Then it's going to be equal to this on the score.
KEY okay.
This is basically all we need for validation, right?
And now we can check again if it is validated over year, over year, what we can do in order to make
this clean, we can just create a new function at the top.
Yet we can then say if.
So we can, first of all, create a function and we're going to call this function log in sellers or
seller.
Right.
And now we can have a try.
And the cast block.
So we try.
Try and catch.
Okay.
And we tend to try block.
We can then have an if statement and say if on the score from key the word document states the words
validate.
If it is validate, we need an article by as well.
If it is validated, then what we basically want to do for now is to print.
Could.
Good.
As if it is not validated.
We want to print.
But.
Right.
A K notepad.
What bad?
Is it necessary?
And if I click on.
Okay.
Click on this is is currently not valid.
Right.
And open your seminar.
Terminer.
And put.
You can see we have barred because.
Because it is currently not valid.
Right.
So it seems good.
What we are going to do is if it is valid, we then want to log into the user and to do that we need
to use the odd package that is the Firebase card.
So we have to import it over here and go and specify this type of firebase words.
And you can call this report on this call or it is going to be equal to Firebase or it.
Though it's Easton's OC.
And what we have to do is it's going to take some time so we can tell FILATOV We are ready to wait and
we want that line of code to be executed before another code gets run.
So that's why we are basically using the airwaves and over here we can just get rid of this code and
call the weights.
So we have to use async and that's easy it.
And now we can call the variable underscore and then say sign in user.
Which email and password.
Sign in user with email and.
Its email password is asking for the email and password.
So what we can do, we can create a variable to store the value of the user.
So via we can just go ahead and create a variable.
It's going to be late.
And the reason for this late is because we do not want to assign any value to it at this moment.
And we are spitting, it says.
So email.
And.
String.
And late string password.
Okay.
Great.
And also get the value.
Hopefully we have the US.
Okay.
To get the value.
The telephone field has a property known as on change.
So within the telephone field we can then see on change and we're going to pass on the value.
Why and then say email is equal to password.
Right.
Sorry.
We're required to follow you.
The value, right?
The value of what's everybody's going to type in that is the inputs.
And over here.
That is for the.
Sorry, this is going to be password, right?
Password and we have to do that for the email feed as well.
Okay.
The email field and as you know, or change within the test form field and value which is referring
to the inputs and email is going to be equal to this value.
Okay.
Great.
That is basically it.
And that is basically.
All we need and over the Scotch block what we can do if the error is order from this.
That is if the field is filled in.
If the area is different from what we have over between the EIF and LS, then we want to catch that
error.
To do that, we can just return the snack bar to show the user the error.
It could be maybe the email already exists or password does not match or something similar or network
issue.
We didn't want to return the snack bar to the user.
Snug Bear and for the title it's going to be E, this E, which is very into the error code.
C d I think we have to convert this to a string.
Over in this get a code is the foreign object, unfortunately.
Okay.
What we can just do for now, we can.
We can't you can see it's basically a in the chest test over here for now.
We can just say something went okay.
Something went wrong.
Okay.
How is this over here?
And if the field is not filled in.
Sorry.
But the fields are not filled.
And we want to return a snack.
Where?
It's like we're just going to copy this.
I don't really like copying for the sake of you mastering it.
Okay.
And his this and this is going to be.
Please.
Fields.
Was not.
Must not be empty.
And Pepsi is concerned.
Nestle safe now.
And go try this out.
Okay.
After I successfully logging the user, what we can do, we can see prints.
Seller.
Our own.
Okay.
Great.
Or you can just start this.
Okay.
Now click on this.
Now what can we have to start?
Well, it will start.
It's going to take some time.
And that was why I never wanted to do it in your presence.
But you can just go ahead and see for yourself.
Okay.
And now we can try this out.
Sign up and log in and click on this.
So we have to call it a function.
Okay.
We have to call the function.
Over a year.
Right.
A function is just a block of code that gets executed whenever it is called.
Called seller.
Log in.
Seller.
So we've called the function now, so it's going to get executed.
Whenever I click on this like you can see, please feel must not be M.S. So all you just have to do
is to create an account over here in case you have.
Is to create a seller's account in case you forgot the.
Create a seller's account via.
In case you forgot the account details, then you can then log into it.
And I think you have to rename this to create customized accounts because if we are in the seller's
screen, then we should be able to go to the screen to create a customer account if we do not want to
do that.
Okay.
And I think that or you can just customize it any way you want.
So what you have to do correctly is to create a seller's account and after that logging into it and
you have to check your your or output over here to see if it has been successfully logged in.
You're going to see a home screen over there because that is what we are basically saying.
After successfully logging the user, we didn't want to print to our attributes test, which is going
to say home screen.
Okay, else we just want to return.
Please feel must not be empty and if the error is order from this box, we then want to say something
went wrong.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.